Improve generated documentation (#779)
awslabs/smithy-rs: aws/SDK_CHANGELOG.md

vNext (Month Day, Year)
=======================

**Breaking Changes**

- `CredentialsError` variants became non-exhaustive. This makes them impossible to construct directly outside of the `aws_types` crate. In order to construct credentials errors, new methods have been added for each variant. Instead of `CredentialsError::Unhandled(...)`, you should instead use `CredentialsError::unhandled`. Matching methods exist for all variants. (#781)
- The default credentials chain now returns `CredentialsError::CredentialsNotLoaded` instead of `ProviderError` when no credentials providers are configured.

**New this week**

- Moved the contents of `aws-auth` into the `aws-http` runtime crate (smithy-rs#783)

> - Filled in missing docs for services in the rustdoc documentation (smithy-rs#779)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix instances where docs were missing in generated services and add `#[warn_missing_docs]`  (smithy-rs#779)
```
